Description:
This retro game is call "ESCAPE THE CCTV", it is based on Mario Bros. The main theme of this retro game is surveillance. In the game it features CCTV cameras, you will lose life when you are being caught by the CCTV camera. By moving the character - Royal Holloway mascot, you need to collect all four coins without being caught by the CCTV camera in order to win, or else you lose.

Challenges:
I have 0 experience in making a game by coding, the whole project was a difficulty for me. In order to create a retro game like Mario Bros, I went on the internet and do some research. I found one Youtube channel offers me exactly how to create Mario Bros in p5.js. This is the link to the Youtube video :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZlpuQeCvlk&list=PLBDInqUM5B26FjwMMZqGDxqQr1kX5V9Ul&index=2 . Jason Erdreich's Youtube channel offers 22 videos on how to make a game like Mario Bros. I exactly follow what he teaches in the videos and used them on this project. It provides clear explanation and guide on meanings of every code and what he is doing which helps me a lot. From these videos, I've learn't how to create platforms, characters, make the object move in curtent speed and a lot more which I written in my sketch.js with the "//" symbol. With the guides I was able to make my own version of retro game similar to Mario Bros but with differnt character such as replacing Mario with Royal Holloway mascot, backgrounds, musics, colors etc. Although it cost me a lot of times but I'm satisfy how the retro game turns out to be exactly the same as what I have in my mind. In conclusion, this project has shown me the fun part of coding and also make me realise I still have a lot to learn for my future coding lessons.
